Readme updates and improvements to the deployment process (#678)
safe-global/safe-deployments: README.md

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40safe-global%2Fsafe-deployments.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40safe-global%2Fsafe-deployments)
[![CI](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-deployments/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-deployments/actions/workflows/test.yml)

This contract contains a collection of deployments of the contract of the [Safe contracts repository](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-smart-account).

The addresses on the different networks and the abi files are available for each deployment. To get an overview of the available versions, check the available [json assets](./src/assets/).

## Adding additional deployments:

> 1. Follow the [deployment steps in the Safe contract repository](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-contracts#deployments).

Reviewer: Link should also be fixed here right? (contract -> smart-account).

> 1. Follow the [deployment steps in the Safe contract repository](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-contracts#deployments).

Reviewer: Link should also be fixed here right? (contract -> smart-account).

```suggestion
1. Follow the [deployment steps in the Safe contract repository](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-smart-account#deployments).
```

2. Verify that the addresses match the expected address for each contract. You can find them under the "addresses" mapping in the respective JSON file in the [assets folder](./src/assets/).

> 3. Create a PR adding the new deployment.

Reviewer: Can we expand on this point a bit? Maybe including a link to an example PR?
